so that there may be more reason for leaving the airport of maiquetía sede
of the base but never imagines that
the too much magistrate
may be walking nabarrete that does not belong to him but the others
and it is exactly this condition that low here
was seized in a group of about six people
this other foul rolled
at that time
also missing
some parts here I do not have the pedal and the
arrested this cisc
it's the guys look until the ditch with the theme read
it was not time
the revenue goes to the expecting child
lantern of the brazilian have already arrived shooting here
3rd day yet
reinaldo azevedo wait a year for the february
would be people hiding in the population but that until then only I
talk to them
is not the antone taste for than is 37 years old the other róbson west
26 were police officers of the 9th battalion of the military police who were able to place
their hands these talents other objects that today assumes the shows now
there was born of this stock acidity plus other objects were all stolen
stolen in super k 2001
this market that lies in this area of ​​the coxipó besides the bikes that were
with these people only the antón he has several passages pure the ticos 7
armed robbery with team thieving belts and also by putting fire on
patrimony there has already been arrested a few times
the qatar the next occurrence an entire apparatus
mato grosso state was mobilized the whole apparatus was
to take care of yourself
the owner of the market
with fear you're afraid
came here that the retina or rather a bulletin of occurrence withdrawing bel
They are all going to the street.
which is salutary of course that the police will stay here more
if there are no accusers
if there was no one who accuses the citizen of having the price of the owner
I already let, I do not want to want
this action getting complicated
this occurrence will try to talk to the military police you who
To answer now, it was not that
everything from the south swipe yes yes i think that was it
in one year's worth
with the biblical measure in the bar stone 90
I was approached sir of the name Antônio
and posters found a medical screening if you push
asked to be marked no question if he had counted the name of the co-pilot on the road
compare yourself imported
in minutes ago as he had no way to prove the origin of that
material
take care of crack approximately with antonio and five more suspects and
found around the residence
all with passage of 20 thousand items
I do not know if it's past the police he
I'm very happy, you know what they were doing.
aiming at liberating images of a supposed support of durvalino
I'm the one who walks Kyoto
Peiser, I did not decide the eye.
open bieber
for general control